f f f f f f f f f f f f f f f f f f f f f f f f f f f f f f f f f f f
j j j j j j j j j j j j j j j j j j j j j j j j j j j j j j j j j j j
f j f j f j f j f j f j f j f j f j f j f j f j f j f j f j f j f j f
d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d
k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k k
d k d k d k d k d k d k d k d k d k d k d k d k d k d k d k d k d k d
f j d k f j d k f j d k f j d k f j d k f j d k f j d k f j d k f j d
fj fj fj fj fj fj fj fj fj fj fj fj fj fj fj fj fj fj fj fj fj fj fj
dk dk dk dk dk dk dk dk dk dk dk dk dk dk dk dk dk dk dk dk dk dk dk
jf jf jf jf jf jf jf jf jf jf jf jf jf jf jf jf jf jf jf jf jf jf jf
kd kd kd kd kd kd kd kd kd kd kd kd kd kd kd kd kd kd kd kd kd kd kd
dk kd dk kd dk kd dk kd dk kd dk kd dk kd dk kd dk kd dk kd dk kd dk
dj jd dj jd dj jd dj jd dj jd dj jd dj jd dj jd dj jd dj jd dj jd dj
df fd df fd df fd df fd df fd df fd df fd df fd df fd df fd df fd df
fj jf fj jf fj jf fj jf fj jf fj jf fj jf fj jf fj jf fj jf fj jf fj
jk kj jk kj jk kj jk kj jk kj jk kj jk kj jk kj jk kj jk kj jk kj jk
fk kf fk kf fk kf fk kf fk kf fk kf fk kf fk kf fk kf fk kf fk kf fk
fkj jkf fkj jkf fkj jkf fkj jkf fkj jkf fkj jkf fkj jkf fkj jkf fkj
fjk kjf fjk kjf fjk kjf fjk kjf fjk kjf fjk kjf fjk kjf fjk kjf fjk
dfj jfd dfj jfd dfj jfd dfj jfd dfj jfd dfj jfd dfj jfd dfj jfd dfj
djf fjd djf fjd djf fjd djf fjd djf fjd djf fjd djf fjd djf fjd djf
kdf fdk kdf fdk kdf fdk kdf fdk kdf fdk kdf fdk kdf fdk kdf fdk kdf
jdf fdj jdf fdj jdf fdj jdf fdj jdf fdj jdf fdj jdf fdj jdf fdj jdf
kfj jfk kfj jfk kfj jfk kfj jfk kfj jfk kfj jfk kfj jkf kfj jkf kfj
dkf kfd dkf kfd dkf kfd dkf kfd dkf kfd dkf kfd dkf kfd dkf kfd dkf
fkd fdk fkd fdk fkd fdk fkd fdk fkd fdk fkd fdk fkd fdk fkd fdk fkd
jfd kjf jfd kjf jfd kjf jfd kjf jfd kjf jfd kjf jfd kjf jfd kjf jfd
fjf fjd fjf fjd fjf fjd fjf fjd fjf fjd fjf fjd fjf fjd fjf fjd fjf
kjk kjd kjk kjd kjk kjd kjk kjd kjk kjd kjk kjd kjk kjd kjk kjd kjk
dfjk kjfd dfjk kjfd dfjk kjfd dfjk kjfd dfjk kjfd dfjk kjfd dfjk kjfd
fjdk jfkd fjdk jfkd fjdk jfkd fjdk jfkd fjdk jfkd fjdk jfkd fjdk jfkd
dfjk kjdf dfjk kjdf dfjk kjdf dfjk kjdf dfjk kjdf dfjk kjdf dfjk kjfd
fjdk jfdk fjdk jfdk fjdk jfdk fjdk jfdk fjdk jfdk fjdk jfdk jfdk fjdk